 MAIN: start process of activator calling 
 MAIN: end process of activator calling 
 MAIN: allocated vectors for D 
 MAIN: allocated vectors for V 
 prova di accesso ad ogni vettore nella mappa 
 test di accesso ad ogni struct 
accessed to D: run0 for time 
accessed to D: run0 for volt 
accessed to D: run0 for fit struct 
accessed to D: run1 for time 
accessed to D: run1 for volt 
accessed to D: run1 for fit struct 
accessed to D: run2 for time 
accessed to D: run2 for volt 
accessed to D: run2 for fit struct 
accessed to D: run3 for time 
accessed to D: run3 for volt 
accessed to D: run3 for fit struct 
accessed to D: run4 for time 
accessed to D: run4 for volt 
accessed to D: run4 for fit struct 
accessed to D: run5 for time 
accessed to D: run5 for volt 
accessed to D: run5 for fit struct 
accessed to D: run6 for time 
accessed to D: run6 for volt 
accessed to D: run6 for fit struct 
accessed to D: run7 for time 
accessed to D: run7 for volt 
accessed to D: run7 for fit struct 
accessed to D: run8 for time 
accessed to D: run8 for volt 
accessed to D: run8 for fit struct 
accessed to D: run9 for time 
accessed to D: run9 for volt 
accessed to D: run9 for fit struct 
accessed to D: run10 for time 
accessed to D: run10 for volt 
accessed to D: run10 for fit struct 
accessed to V: run0 for time 
accessed to V: run0 for volt 
accessed to V: run0 for fit struct 
accessed to V: run1 for time 
accessed to V: run1 for volt 
accessed to V: run1 for fit struct 
accessed to V: run2 for time 
accessed to V: run2 for volt 
accessed to V: run2 for fit struct 
accessed to V: run3 for time 
accessed to V: run3 for volt 
accessed to V: run3 for fit struct 
accessed to V: run4 for time 
accessed to V: run4 for volt 
accessed to V: run4 for fit struct 
accessed to V: run5 for time 
accessed to V: run5 for volt 
accessed to V: run5 for fit struct 
accessed to V: run6 for time 
accessed to V: run6 for volt 
accessed to V: run6 for fit struct 
accessed to V: run7 for time 
accessed to V: run7 for volt 
accessed to V: run7 for fit struct 
accessed to V: run8 for time 
accessed to V: run8 for volt 
accessed to V: run8 for fit struct 
accessed to V: run9 for time 
accessed to V: run9 for volt 
accessed to V: run9 for fit struct 
accessed to V: run10 for time 
accessed to V: run10 for volt 
accessed to V: run10 for fit struct 
accessed to V: run11 for time 
accessed to V: run11 for volt 
accessed to V: run11 for fit struct 
accessed to V: run12 for time 
accessed to V: run12 for volt 
accessed to V: run12 for fit struct 
accessed to V: run13 for time 
accessed to V: run13 for volt 
accessed to V: run13 for fit struct 
accessed to V: run14 for time 
accessed to V: run14 for volt 
accessed to V: run14 for fit struct 
accessed to V: run15 for time 
accessed to V: run15 for volt 
accessed to V: run15 for fit struct 
accessed to V: run16 for time 
accessed to V: run16 for volt 
accessed to V: run16 for fit struct 
accessed to V: run17 for time 
accessed to V: run17 for volt 
accessed to V: run17 for fit struct 
accessed to V: run18 for time 
accessed to V: run18 for volt 
accessed to V: run18 for fit struct 
accessed to V: run19 for time 
accessed to V: run19 for volt 
accessed to V: run19 for fit struct 
 MAIN: callED the memory allocator 
 READ.h: selecting index = run0
data/dconst/run0.CSV
 16 lines discarde correctly (i hope) 
 READ.h: selecting index = run1
data/dconst/run1.CSV
 16 lines discarde correctly (i hope) 
 READ.h: selecting index = run2
data/dconst/run2.CSV
 16 lines discarde correctly (i hope) 
 READ.h: selecting index = run3
data/dconst/run3.CSV
 16 lines discarde correctly (i hope) 
 READ.h: selecting index = run4
data/dconst/run4.CSV
 16 lines discarde correctly (i hope) 
 READ.h: selecting index = run5
data/dconst/run5.CSV
 16 lines discarde correctly (i hope) 
 READ.h: selecting index = run6
data/dconst/run6.CSV
 16 lines discarde correctly (i hope) 
 READ.h: selecting index = run7
data/dconst/run7.CSV
 16 lines discarde correctly (i hope) 
 READ.h: selecting index = run8
data/dconst/run8.CSV
 16 lines discarde correctly (i hope) 
 READ.h: selecting index = run9
data/dconst/run9.CSV
 16 lines discarde correctly (i hope) 
 READ.h: selecting index = run10
data/dconst/run10.CSV
 16 lines discarde correctly (i hope) 
 READ.h: selecting index = run0
data/vconst/run0.CSV
 16 lines discarde correctly (i hope) 
 READ.h: selecting index = run1
data/vconst/run1.CSV
 16 lines discarde correctly (i hope) 
 READ.h: selecting index = run2
data/vconst/run2.CSV
 16 lines discarde correctly (i hope) 
 READ.h: selecting index = run3
data/vconst/run3.CSV
 16 lines discarde correctly (i hope) 
 READ.h: selecting index = run4
data/vconst/run4.CSV
 16 lines discarde correctly (i hope) 
 READ.h: selecting index = run5
data/vconst/run5.CSV
 16 lines discarde correctly (i hope) 
 READ.h: selecting index = run6
data/vconst/run6.CSV
 16 lines discarde correctly (i hope) 
 READ.h: selecting index = run7
data/vconst/run7.CSV
 16 lines discarde correctly (i hope) 
 READ.h: selecting index = run8
data/vconst/run8.CSV
 16 lines discarde correctly (i hope) 
 READ.h: selecting index = run9
data/vconst/run9.CSV
 16 lines discarde correctly (i hope) 
 READ.h: selecting index = run10
data/vconst/run10.CSV
 16 lines discarde correctly (i hope) 
 READ.h: selecting index = run11
data/vconst/run11.CSV
 16 lines discarde correctly (i hope) 
 READ.h: selecting index = run12
data/vconst/run12.CSV
 16 lines discarde correctly (i hope) 
 READ.h: selecting index = run13
data/vconst/run13.CSV
 16 lines discarde correctly (i hope) 
 READ.h: selecting index = run14
data/vconst/run14.CSV
 16 lines discarde correctly (i hope) 
 READ.h: selecting index = run15
data/vconst/run15.CSV
 16 lines discarde correctly (i hope) 
 READ.h: selecting index = run16
data/vconst/run16.CSV
 16 lines discarde correctly (i hope) 
 READ.h: selecting index = run17
data/vconst/run17.CSV
 16 lines discarde correctly (i hope) 
 READ.h: selecting index = run18
data/vconst/run18.CSV
 16 lines discarde correctly (i hope) 
 READ.h: selecting index = run19
data/vconst/run19.CSV
 16 lines discarde correctly (i hope) 
 MAIN: callED read file 
 PRELIMINARYGRAPH: upper boud d inseted 
 PRELIMINARYGRAPH: upper boud d inseted 
 PRELIMINARYGRAPH: upper boud d inseted 
 PRELIMINARYGRAPH: upper boud d inseted 
 PRELIMINARYGRAPH: upper boud d inseted 
 PRELIMINARYGRAPH: upper boud d inseted 
 PRELIMINARYGRAPH: upper boud d inseted 
 PRELIMINARYGRAPH: upper boud d inseted 
 PRELIMINARYGRAPH: upper boud d inseted 
 PRELIMINARYGRAPH: upper boud d inseted 
 PRELIMINARYGRAPH: upper boud d inseted 
 PRELIMINARYGRAPH: upper boud v inseted 
 PRELIMINARYGRAPH: upper boud v inseted 
 PRELIMINARYGRAPH: upper boud v inseted 
 PRELIMINARYGRAPH: upper boud v inseted 
 PRELIMINARYGRAPH: upper boud v inseted 
 PRELIMINARYGRAPH: upper boud v inseted 
 PRELIMINARYGRAPH: upper boud v inseted 
 PRELIMINARYGRAPH: upper boud v inseted 
 PRELIMINARYGRAPH: upper boud v inseted 
 PRELIMINARYGRAPH: upper boud v inseted 
 PRELIMINARYGRAPH: upper boud v inseted 
 PRELIMINARYGRAPH: upper boud v inseted 
 PRELIMINARYGRAPH: upper boud v inseted 
 PRELIMINARYGRAPH: upper boud v inseted 
 PRELIMINARYGRAPH: upper boud v inseted 
 PRELIMINARYGRAPH: upper boud v inseted 
 PRELIMINARYGRAPH: upper boud v inseted 
 PRELIMINARYGRAPH: upper boud v inseted 
 PRELIMINARYGRAPH: upper boud v inseted 
 PRELIMINARYGRAPH: upper boud v inseted 
 MAIN: callED preliminay graph 
 PRELIMINATY FIT: Fake data raange builded 
 grafico per run0d
 FITANDGRAPHCREATOR: canvas & pad 1&2 set up done 
 grafico per run1d
 FITANDGRAPHCREATOR: canvas & pad 1&2 set up done 
 grafico per run2d
 FITANDGRAPHCREATOR: canvas & pad 1&2 set up done 
 grafico per run3d
 FITANDGRAPHCREATOR: canvas & pad 1&2 set up done 
 grafico per run4d
 FITANDGRAPHCREATOR: canvas & pad 1&2 set up done 
 grafico per run5d
 FITANDGRAPHCREATOR: canvas & pad 1&2 set up done 
 grafico per run6d
 FITANDGRAPHCREATOR: canvas & pad 1&2 set up done 
 grafico per run7d
 FITANDGRAPHCREATOR: canvas & pad 1&2 set up done 
 grafico per run8d
 FITANDGRAPHCREATOR: canvas & pad 1&2 set up done 
 grafico per run9d
 FITANDGRAPHCREATOR: canvas & pad 1&2 set up done 
 grafico per run10d
 FITANDGRAPHCREATOR: canvas & pad 1&2 set up done 
 PRELIMINARY FIT: processed D data 
 grafico per run0v
 FITANDGRAPHCREATOR: canvas & pad 1&2 set up done 
 grafico per run1v
 FITANDGRAPHCREATOR: canvas & pad 1&2 set up done 
 grafico per run2v
 FITANDGRAPHCREATOR: canvas & pad 1&2 set up done 
 grafico per run3v
 FITANDGRAPHCREATOR: canvas & pad 1&2 set up done 
 grafico per run4v
 FITANDGRAPHCREATOR: canvas & pad 1&2 set up done 
 grafico per run5v
 FITANDGRAPHCREATOR: canvas & pad 1&2 set up done 
 grafico per run6v
 FITANDGRAPHCREATOR: canvas & pad 1&2 set up done 
 grafico per run7v
 FITANDGRAPHCREATOR: canvas & pad 1&2 set up done 
 grafico per run8v
 FITANDGRAPHCREATOR: canvas & pad 1&2 set up done 
 grafico per run9v
 FITANDGRAPHCREATOR: canvas & pad 1&2 set up done 
 grafico per run10v
 FITANDGRAPHCREATOR: canvas & pad 1&2 set up done 
 grafico per run11v
 FITANDGRAPHCREATOR: canvas & pad 1&2 set up done 
